Starting point for sphinx-based user documentation (#74)
rauc/rauc-hawkbit-updater: docs/reference.rst

.. _sec_ref:

Reference
=========

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1

.. _sec_ref_config_file:

Configuration File
------------------

Example configuration:

.. code-block:: cfg

  [client]
  hawkbit_server            = 127.0.0.1:8080
  ssl                       = false
  ssl_verify                = false
  tenant_id                 = DEFAULT
  target_name               = test-target
  auth_token                = bhVahL1Il1shie2aj2poojeChee6ahShu
  #gateway_token            = bhVahL1Il1shie2aj2poojeChee6ahShu
  bundle_download_location  = /tmp/bundle.raucb
  retry_wait                = 60
  connect_timeout           = 20
  timeout                   = 60
  log_level                 = debug

  [device]
  product                   = Terminator
  model                     = T-1000
  serialnumber              = 8922673153
  hw_revision               = 2
  key1                      = value

>   key2                      = value

Reviewer: Do we need this here? This is the same as config.conf.example in the project's root.

Author: I'd tend to keep it as people reading the documentation online might not have the source present. I'll shorten this a little

**[client] section**

> Configures how to connect with the hawkBit server, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configures how to connect to a hawkBit server, etc.
```

Mandatory options:

``hawkbit_server=<host>[:<port>]``

>   The ip or hostname of the hawkbitServer to connect to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The IP or hostname of the hawkBit server to connect to.
```

>   The ``port`` can be provided optionally.
>   It needs to be separated with colons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The ``port`` can be provided optionally, separated by a colon.
```

``target_name=<name>``
  Unique ``name`` string to identify controller.

``auth_token=<token>``
  Controller-specific authentication token.
  This is set for each device individually.

  .. note:: Either ``auth_token`` or ``gateway_token`` must be provided

``gateway_token``
  Gateway authentication token.

>   This is set by hawkBit.

Reviewer: What does this mean? This can be set just like the authentication token on hawkBit side (via the [managament API](https://www.eclipse.org/hawkbit/apis/management_api/)) or generated randomly by hawkBit. Maybe better mention that this is a tenant-wide token and it must be enabled first?

Author: You're right. I've tried to be more specific here and also linked the hawkbit doc for authentication.

  .. note:: Either ``auth_token`` or ``gateway_token`` must be provided

``bundle_download_location=<path>``
  Full path to where the bundle should be downloaded to.
  E.g. set to ``/tmp/_bundle.raucb`` to let rauc-hawkbit-updater use this

>   location withing ``/tmp``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  location within ``/tmp``.
```

Optional options:
  
``tenant_id=<ID>``

>   ID of the tenant to connect with. Defaults to ``DEFAULT``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ID of the tenant to connect to. Defaults to ``DEFAULT``.
```

``ssl=<boolean>``
  Whether to use SSL connections (``https``) or not (``http``).
  Defaults to true.

``ssl_verify``
  Whether to enforce SSL verification or not.
  Defaults to true.

``connect_timeout=<seconds>``
  HTTP connection setup timeout [seconds].
  Defaults to 20 seconds.

``timeout=<seconds>``

>   HTTP request Timeout [seconds]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  HTTP request timeout [seconds].
```

  Defaults to 60 seconds.

``retry_wait=<seconds>``

>   Time in seconds to wait before retrying [seconds]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Time to wait before retrying in case an error occurred [seconds].
```
